How Deep is the Ocean?
Published on December 01, 2005.
How much do I love you?
Intangible.
I’ll tell you no lie.
How deep is the ocean?
Average depth (in meters): Pacific: 4,188 Atlantic: 3,872 Indian: 3,872
How high is the sky?
The upper limit of the Earth’s exosphere (the uppermost layer of the Earth’s atmosphere) is approximately 10,000 km high.
How many times a day do I think of you?
Rate of thought during waking hours (10 per second) = 36000 thoughts per hour Rate of thought during sleeping hours = 3600 thoughts per hour Number of thoughts per day = 604800 thoughts per day\
How many roses are sprinkled with dew?
Depends on the current season, humidity levels, dewpoints, time of day, etc.
How far would I travel to be where you are?
Assuming both of us are on the Earth, the farthest you could travel (taking the shortest path) is half of the Earth’s circumference: 20037.58 km (assuming you are traveling along the surface of the earth)
How far is the journey from here to a star?
The closest star to the Earth is the Sun, which is on approximately 1AU from Earth.
The next closest star is Proxima Centauri, which is approximately 250,000AU away.
And if I ever lost you how much would I cry?
Water makes up about 60f the human body.
If one were to cry all of the water in his body out in tears, simply take (bodymass*.6)/mass of a single tear.
How deep is the ocean?
See above.
How high is the sky?